c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\bin\Debug\RssReader.exe.config
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\bin\Debug\Views\DetailPageView.xbf
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\bin\Debug\Views\MainPageView.xbf
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\bin\Debug\RssReader.xr.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\bin\Debug\RssReader.exe
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\bin\Debug\RssReader.pdb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\bin\Debug\RssReader.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Extensions.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Logging.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Platform.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xaml.Interactions.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xaml.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Extensions.pri
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Logging.pdb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Platform.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Platform.pri
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\obj\Debug\RssReader.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\obj\Debug\Views\DetailPageView.g.i.cs
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\obj\Debug\Views\DetailPageView.g.cs
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\obj\Debug\Views\MainPageView.g.i.cs
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\obj\Debug\Views\MainPageView.g.cs
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\obj\Debug\Views\DetailPageView.xaml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\obj\Debug\Views\MainPageView.xaml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\obj\Debug\Views\DetailPageView.xbf
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\obj\Debug\Views\MainPageView.xbf
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\obj\Debug\RssReader.exe
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\obj\Debug\RssReader.pdb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\obj\Debug\RssReader.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\obj\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Extensions.pri.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\obj\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Platform.pri.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RssReader\RssReader\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
